Hello and welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, we’ll demonstrate how to use the Knox Asset Intelligence Security Center
to identify and manage device vulnerabilities in your fleet.
Let’s jump right in.
Before you proceed with this video,
you should already be familiar with the basics of Knox Asset Intelligence and Knox E-FOTA.
In particular, you should already know how to access the services, enroll devices
configure the dashboard, and create campaigns.
If you are not familiar with these concepts,
please review the Getting started with Knox Asset Intelligence
and Getting started with Knox E-FOTA videos respectively before continuing.
The Knox Asset Intelligence Security Center lets IT admins easily
track the security posture of every device in their fleet with powerful insights
like the total number of devices with vulnerabilities detected,
which devices have outdated security patches,
and the total number of vulnerabilities that pose the highest risk to your organization.
Security Operations Teams, in collaboration with IT Admins,
can prioritize security patching efforts based on the risks reported by the Security Center.
Let’s look at how the Security Center can help enterprises address their
device security needs with a real-world example.
Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (or CVEs) are industry-recognized,
and publicly available records about a known security vulnerability.
As an IT admin or Security Operations professional, you may hear or read about a particular CVE
from a manufacturer’s tech bulletin, from newsletters, or from other related publications.
Using the Knox Asset Intelligence Security Center, if you know a particular CVE number,
you can quickly check to see if devices in your fleet are affected.
For example, CVE-2023-26076 was reported by the National Vulnerability Database (NVD)
to have the potential for attackers to remotely compromise a phone with no user interaction,
requiring only that the attacker know the victim's phone number.
By knowing the CVE number, you use the Security Center to check if this vulnerability is present in your fleet.
To do this, go to the Security Center dashboard.
Then on the Fleet vulnerabilities tile, click the drill-down view (>) button.
On the next page, search for the CVE number.
You'll see the total number of affected devices,
a link to the National Institute of Standards and Technology database where you can read more about the issue,
and the date in which the issue was patched. This date is also known as the Security Patch Level or SPL date.
If you click the link in the Affected devices column, you’ll see every device in the fleet affected by this CVE.
In the table, you’ll also see the current security patch level for each effected device,
In the table, you'll also see the current security patch level for each affected device,
as well as the required patch level to resolve the issue.
After the vulnerability is identified,
you can use Knox E-FOTA to launch an update campaign for all device models affected by that specific issue.
To create an effective campaign in Knox E-FOTA,
you should take note of every unique device model in the
Security Center affected by the CVE.
Then on the Knox E-FOTA campaign page, click CREATE CAMPAIGN.
In the section where you assign devices and firmware, select ADD MANUALLY.
Select one of the affected device models from the list,
then in the Firmware version drop-down, click Select from firmware list.
On the Select target firmware page,
pick the required patch version for that vulnerability,
then click SELECT to add this patch to your campaign.
If your fleet has more than one device model affected by the vulnerability,
click ADD ANOTHER ROW and repeat the process for the remaining models.
After your devices are patched,
head back to the Security Center and confirm that the CVE is no longer reported for your device models.
Now that you know how to use the Knox Asset Intelligence Security Center,
you’re ready to take on your fleet’s device vulnerabilities more effectively and efficiently.
You can learn more about the Knox Asset Intelligence Security center
and how it works by viewing our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!